[stone skipping]
-[ALL] Oh!
-It skipped so far!
-[LUMI] Hey everybody!
-[ALL] Huh!
Drop everything!
There's huge news!
[MARC]
Why are you so worked up, Lumi?
[panting]
'Cause,
Pas' fiancee just got here!
[BOTH]
Did you say Pas' fiancee?
Yeah, dad already told me!
He said she's gonna be
staying here a while!
What? If you knew
then why didn't you tell me
that his fiancee is supposedly
a sexy older woman
with curves for days?
They say she's hypnotized Pas
with her seductive charms!
[LICORICE] May I ask where it is
you're taking me, Pastry?
[PAS]
A very special place.
[LICORICE]
Sounds intriguing!
Welcome to my workshop
of dreams!
Oh, wow!
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius patissier
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef,
who was reborn,
and dreams of creating
this new world's
very own land of sweets!
[MALE ATTENDANT 1] My Lord,
are you certain of this?
I understand your purpose
in sending Lady Petra
to study in the royal capital
was to strengthen the trust
of the Duke's family.
But why did you send
Lady Licorice
to the Fief of Morteln?
I can't stand thinking
that sly woman
is hatching schemes
behind my back
as our house's fortune rises.
[MALE ATTENDANT 1] I assume
you're referring to Count Retes?
Yes.
[HUBAREK] It's obvious enough
that she has designs
on my future son-in-law,
is it not?
[MALE ATTENDANT 1]
It is.
A woman exemplary enough
to maintain such tight control
of the south has surely grasped
the Fief of Morteln's potential.
And all of a sudden,
she decides to invite him
to a tea tasting ceremony?
It's so transparent.
I see now,
with Lady Licorice
staying at the Morteln estate,
it wouldn't be unusual for her
to accompany him to the party.
Even for that vixen,
it would prove difficult
to dote on Lord Pastry
too much with his fiancee
right there at his side.
[sighs]
[HUBAREK]
And of course,
it's probably
just fatherly instinct
to want to make sure my daughter
is out of harm's way.
[MALE ATTENDANT 1]
Are you worried
about our neighbor, Lutoroute?
I sincerely doubt they'll take
news of the engagement
between the ducal house
and ours lying down.
Amazing! I've never seen
such an enormous kitchen before!
Pastry, may I ask
what you're doing down there?
I'll be making samples
of something I'd like to bring
to the tea tasting party
as a small gift.
How thoughtful!
Your cookies are great!
Thank you,
but this is something new!
[LICORICE]
That's a lot of sugar.
Those are bonkas, aren't they?
And is that honey, too?
[PAS]
They're all precious commodities
here in Morteln.
You can't get bonkas anywhere,
but the royal capital, you know.
But they're not cheap either!
I had to give up
all of my spending money
for months in advance,
so Dad would let me have them.
What is it?
You'll find out when it's done!
[LICORICE]
Ah!
-It smells so sweet!
-Mm-hmm.
Ah! Oh my!
Being in a room
with such a sweet aroma
is so intoxicating!
I feel faint.
[chuckles]
So then...
it's definitely a dessert
of some kind, isn't it?
Yep! You'll just have to wait
and see!
There. Great!
Is it finished yet?
Not quite.
This is actually
the trickiest part.
Wow!
Voila!
[LICORICE]
Pastry looks so happy
when he's focused like this.
They're so golden
and translucent!
[PAS]
They're called hard candies.
[LICORICE]
How lovely!
They're like pieces
of stained glass!
Of course, all the charm
is in the finishing touches.
[gasps]
[LICORICE]
A kitty!
[PAS]
You got it!
So cute!
And now...
[LICORICE]
A dog?
[PAS]
That's it!
[LICORICE]
A bunny?
[PAS]
Correct!
And now...
That's, um...
some sort of bird?
[laughs]
That's really not a bad guess.
[PAS] Obviously,
she wouldn't recognize a plane.
Okay, I'll try this one out now.
[LICORICE]
Is that a flower?
[PAS] That's right!
It's supposed to be a peony.
The trick is to shape them
after they've cooled down
just enough
to harden a little bit.
If you're not patient,
they'll still be too soft,
and the candy
won't hold its shape.
It's crucial
to get the timing just right.
[LICORICE]
How peculiar!
I've seen how he looks
in a lot
of different situations.
But I've never seen him
make that face before.
He looks so gentle and playful.
Yet also so confident
and in control.
He's truly giving
his all to his sweets!
Huh!
[PAS]
Licorice?
Huh?
-Is something wrong?
-No, not at all!
[LICORICE exhales]
It feels like such a shame
to eat them, doesn't it?
[PAS]
It would be a shame not to!
Huh?
You have to eat them.
That's exactly
what candy is for.
I suppose that's true, but...
they're so pretty,
I want to display them,
so I can admire them.
[Pas laughs]
You're being silly!
[BOTH laughing]
[AGNES]
It's infuriating!
Why won't Pas be
more forward with her
and show her he likes her?
[JOSEPHINE] Look at how far away
from her he's standing!
Come on, Pastry,
at least put an arm around her!
[LUMI]
Lady Agnes,
Lady Josephine,
we gotta be quiet.
Pas is going to hear you!
Hey, cut it out already.
[AGNES, JOSEPHINE] There!
That's what I mean!
[AGNES] At least grab
ahold of her hand, Pastry!
[JOSEPHINE]
It's getting on my nerves!
Oh, man,
you just know he's making
something really tasty, too.
[sighs]
Good grief.
[LICORICE] What do you plan
to do with the bonkas?
[PAS]
Hold on. Watch this!
I'm coating
them with the candy I made!
[LICORICE]
Ah! They're beautiful, too!
That was the perfect moment
to say,
"Not one-tenth
as beautiful as you!"
Would you like to try one?
-Are you sure?
-Of course!
[PAS] They say that people
originally coated apples
in caramel as a method
of preserving the fruit
to make it last longer.
Then I'll try one.
[chewing]
[gasps]
It's so good!
Once you get used to the candy,
try a bite of the bonka.
[bites]
Yummy!
The secret
to the perfect candy bonka
lies in the harmony
between the tartness
of the bonka
and the sweetness of the candy.
-Wow!
-[chuckles]
Though simple,
that delicate balance
is the reason
this dessert is so well liked.
And it tastes delicious
in a totally different way
than just eating
a bonka on its own, too.
How mystifying!
[PAS]
Now, then.
[footsteps approaching]
[ALL groan]
[thud]
Ah.
[JOSEPHINE]
Ow! That hurt!
Oh, what are you doing here?
Shouldn't I be the one asking
why you're all gathered
at the door?
What? Oh, um. I'm just...
-You too, Mother?
-[laughs]
I have business to attend to!
[JOSEPHINE]
We should hurry up and get busy!
[BOTH] Delighted
to see you again, Licorice!
[ALL laughing]
-Ah! My lady!
-Hey, Lady Josephine, wait!
Eavesdropping's a bad habit.
We were framed!
Damn it!
This is why you can't
ever trust grown-ups!
[PAS] I was thinking
of having you try
the candied bonkas, but--
[LUMI]
Can we eat them?
Heck, yeah!
[BOTH grunt]
What?
As punishment for snooping,
you two will just have to wait.
[BOTH]
Huh?
I suppose
I can let Father and Feuille
try them in your place.
[BOTH]
Aw, man!
[laughs]
[FEUILLE]
I hope it'll be all right.
Huh? What's this now?
Well, it's about Pas' bodyguard.
I don't think a newbie,
like, Nicolo can really handle
a job like that.
[CASSEROLE]
Count Retes' tea tasting parties
are known to draw young,
marriageable nobles
from all over the south.
They're essentially
a social gathering
for matchmaking.
This kind of event
is not intended
for either of us.
I understand that,
but this is still Count Retes
we're dealing with!
True, but I know my son
can handle himself.
I'm much more worried
about Lady Licorice.
Of course,
Caera will be accompanying her,
but I can't say
she seems comfortable
with social situations.
I hope that Vixen doesn't try
to embarrass her.
I'm counting on you, Pas.
[firecrackers crackling]
♪
[NICOLO]
Look at all these people!
And the decorations
in the great hall.
This is even more impressive
than the royal capital!
Oh, wow.
This is quite
an impressive room.
Retesvale Castle is famous
for being one of the most
prominent castles of the south.
All the locals refer to it
as "Pirate Castle"
being that it is settled
so close to the ocean.
Hmm.
Pirate Castle.
[LICORICE]
Um, Pastry?
[PAS]
Look at all these chandeliers.
How many casks of sugar
could I buy
with the money spent
on just one of them?
Huh?
Oh! Um, it's nothing!
[CAERA]
Lord Pastry,
would you please keep in mind
that you are the lady's escort?
Your attention
should be focused on her.
Right. Forgive me.
I'm so sorry, Licorice.
That's kinda weird.
Huh?
What's that?
Isn't that the picture
I gave her?
[PAS] I didn't expect her
to put it on full display.
It almost feels intentional.
[COATON]
Well, well!
If it isn't
the Lord Pastry Morteln.
We are so pleased
you could join us today.
And I was greatly honored
to receive an invitation
to today's event.
Of course.
Her Excellency asked me
to ensure
you are treated
with only the utmost respect
while you are here.
Also, in the interest
of full transparency,
I was told to keep
a close eye on you, as well.
[PAS]
They think I'm a troublemaker.
Right, let's keep up
the pretense
for just a bit longer then!
[COATON]
Most agreed.
[PAS]
Oh, well, this is my big chance
to promote the Fief of Morteln's
special wares, anyway.
I'd like to introduce you
to my lovely fiancee,
Lady Licorice Mille Hubarek.
Ah!
She's never attended a gathering
of southern nobles,
so I asked her to accompany me.
She's quite excited to be here.
It is my pleasure
to make your acquaintance, sir.
I am Coaton Engels,
and the pleasure is mine.
Attention, all!
I wish to make an introduction.
Invited here by our house,
this is Lord Pastry
Mille Morteln
and his fiancee, Lady Licorice!
[indistinct chatter]
[PAS]
Now's my big chance!
I'm Pastry Mille Morteln.
Despite my tender age,
I hope that everyone here
will welcome me with open arms.
[cheering and applause]
Now, in commemoration
of our acquaintance,
I've brought something
special for everybody to try.
I thought
they'd go well with the tea.
[MALE ATTENDEE 1]
Are they artisanal goods?
[PAS]
It's called "hard candy."
Candy?
So, it's something we can eat?
[PAS]
By all means, help yourselves!
Hmm!
Oh! Wow! It's so good!
It just melts in your mouth!
It's like a warm ray of sunshine
is dancing on my tongue!
Huh!
You should try one, Sir Coaton.
You don't have to twist my arm!
[gasps]
My word!
[laughter]
I'm being swept away
by a flood of sweetness!
And what's this deep,
rich flavor lurking
in its golden depths?
The sweet, gentle aroma
is filling me with pure joy!
[sips]
It goes well with the tea.
Truly, the sweets and tea leaves
mingle upon the tongue
in perfect harmony.
Nice.
I didn't expect you
to be such a poet, though.
Mmm!
It brings out
the flavor of the tea perfectly!
We made a number of samples
to send with all of you.
Now that we've all met
and become friends today,
if you'd like, I can easily send
some more to you
by way of traveling merchants!
[MALE ATTENDEE 2]
You would do that?
And at no cost, of course,
seeing how
they're my gift to you.
[FEMALE ATTENDEE 1]
You want to gift them to us?
Yes, although,
[PAS] if that's the case,
I would prefer to avoid
being subjected
to a tax on sugar products,
even if it's just
for the merchants in question.
A tax exemption?
Sugary goods are taxed
very highly, as you must know.
And if we consider
the small quantities
and high frequency
of these hypothetical shipments,
it would place an undue burden
on the merchants.
[MALE ATTENDEE 1]
Well, it would seem a bit odd
to apply taxes to a gift,
especially in this situation.
[MALE ATTENDEE 2]
Good point.
[chuckles]
[RETES]
What an interesting proposal.
Huh?
[footsteps approaching]
I can't wait to hear
more about it, Lord Pastry.
Thank you for coming
to my tea tasting party.
Oh, Your Excellency.
I was honored to be invited.
And this vision
must be your lovely fiancee.
Ah!
It is truly
a pleasure to meet you!
Hmm.
I'd love to continue discussing
what you were proposing
just now.
I'm sure you understand
that I prefer that any
and all business matters
go through me first.
Of course, I do.
We're merely talking
about personal gifts.
Shall we speak in private?
I'd love to.
Perfect.
Would the lady care to wait
for us here
in the meantime, then?
Huh?
It's concerning negotiations
between my household
and House Morteln, after all.
Now Coaton,
I trust that you will see to it
that our guests are happy.
Yes.
-I should be back soon.
-I understand.
[LICORICE grunts]
Everything will be just fine.
Please, look after
Licorice for me.
Will do, Pas.
She's in good hands here.
Oh...
This is a very
intimidating room!
I am the leader of the County
of Retes, after all.
Do you feel
I mean to bring you harm,
Your Ladyship?
Of course, not.
If I felt threatened,
I would have prepared
ten times the number of men.
A handful of guards
doesn't amount to much
when your opponent
can use magic, though.
Also, I am a weak
and delicate woman.
Surely, it's important that
I be as cautious as I can be?
[PAS] She doesn't look weak
and delicate.
Back to our previous discussion,
I have no patience
for silly games,
so let's get to the meat
of the matter.
Which is?
[PAS]
I can't talk my way around her.
First, why don't
you try one of these?
[RETES]
Is that a cow?
Taste it.
Hmm?
And what do you think?
[RETES] A sophisticated flavor.
Sweet, but not overly so.
Because of my position,
I've tried many desserts,
but this translucent candy
truly merits praise!
It's quite delicious.
Thank you so much
for saying that.
I made them
with my own two hands.
And this distinct flavor.
Honey, right?
[PAS]
Very impressive!
You have a
most exquisite palate.
It's made from water,
sugar, and honey!
That's it!
Surprisingly simple.
In the future, I would like
my family to be able to produce
all the ingredients
within our own fief.
All of the ingredients?
You're saying
the Fief of Morteln
is trying to produce
honey and sugar now?
Yes, I fully intend
to put together a system
to mass produce these candies
within the next three years.
[RETES] That's impossible
for a barren land to do.
No, knowing him, he might
could pull such a thing off.
[PAS]
Accordingly,
since Your Ladyship
has access to a harbor,
I hoped to get your support
with distribution,
though I admit I used
a roundabout approach
to get there.
So that's why
you were putting on a show
and going on about sugar taxes?
Very well observed.
[RETES]
Heavens!
This can't be all the boy wants,
but I can't imagine
what his end goal could be.
He has his gaze
fixed on something greater
in the future,
but what is he seeing
that I don't?
Fine then.
I'll agree to give you the aid
that you're seeking,
but only with regard to these
delicious candies you made.
[gasps]
Thank you so very much!
[RETES] That sweet,
sweet future of yours.
I should put
it in my own pocket, eh?
By the way, what is this?
[COATON]
Lord Pastry seems to be all
anyone can talk
about at the party!
Really?
He'll certainly come away
with many new admirers.
He's quite charming
and the son of a war hero.
[gasps]
[COATON] Lord Pastry hasn't had
much opportunity to branch out.
I'm sure, he'll foster
quite a few new relationships
from this occasion.
Ah, to be young.
[LICORICE]
Wait,
that means, Pastry would be
with a girl besides me?
Well, I'll just excuse myself
then.
[FEMALE ATTENDEE 1]
Lord Pastry is so young,
and yet he's very so refined,
isn't he?
My Lady Licorice,
you mustn't listen to them.
[FEMALE ATTENDEE 2]
And that wonderful smile!
[NICOLO] She's right.
Pay no attention to them.
[FEMALE ATTENDEE 3]
Did you hear?
Lord Pastry's
fiancee's quite a catch.
She's one of Margrave Hubarek's
young daughters!
[gasps]
[FEMALE ATTENDEE 3]
That prestigious family
-in the east?
-Ah.
Please don't go!
[LICORICE] I'm not very
comfortable in situations
where I'm expected
to talk to people I don't know.
I came because I thought
Pastry would be with me,
but I really want to leave
the party.
Would you like me
to get you something to drink?
No! I want to leave!
A pleasure doing business
with you.
Indeed, it is.
[PAS]
Count Retes knows everyone
and her mercantile connections
are the greatest in the south.
Having her backing
is more than I could hope for!
I'm one step closer
to mass-producing hard candy!
[RETES] And that charming
fiancee of yours...
Huh?
Is it true you put your own life
at risk to protect her
during the kidnapping?
Yes.
You know,
I hope she's all right.
I'm sure she fell for you seeing
how strong and brave you are.
Uh, I'm not certain
it was quite like--
And I'll admit
she seems to be a fine match
for the next Lord of Morteln.
There's not a man alive
who would complain
about having the chance to marry
to a woman like Licorice.
She's quite a lovely person
indeed.
Gracious! How saucy!
You're just as flustered
as a grown man.
[PAS]
What? Don't say that!
Well, you love her, don't you?
But this is hardly
the time or place to--
Just admit
you love her right now!
Pardon me?
Oh, um, yikes!
I won't let you go anywhere
until you confess
your true feelings for her!
Um, isn't this inappropriate?
[door creaks]
Huh? [gasps]
♪
Ah.
Hello.
[whimpers]
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation...
"Apples of Love
and Sad Threats of War."
Bon appetit!